update root readme based on remote-dom updates (#3505)
Shopify/ui-extensions: README.md

> **Note:** UI extensions are a [versioned API](https://shopify.dev/api/usage/versioning). This branch contains the APIs for the `2025-10` API version. The following API versions are available as separate branches in this repo: [`2023-04`](https://github.com/Shopify/ui-extensions/tree/2023-04), [`2023-07`](https://github.com/Shopify/ui-extensions/tree/2023-07)

Shopify provides UI extension APIs via the [`@shopify/ui-extensions` package](./packages/ui-extensions/) which lets developers use a small, strongly-typed JavaScript API for creating UI extensions

## What are “UI extensions”?

A UI extension is a JavaScript-based module that can hook in to client-side behaviors on any of Shopify’s first party UI surface areas. The most minimal definition of a UI extension has the following properties, which are configured in a `shopify.extension.toml` file in your project:

- A `name` that is presented to merchants when interacting with the extension.

> - The [`target`](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/app-extensions/configuration#targets) that the UI extension wishes to inject into. These are represented with string identifiers that describe the surface and responsibility of the extension. For example, [`purchase.checkout.cart-line-item.render-after` target](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/checkout-ui-extensions/2025-10/targets) gives a UI Extension the ability to render UI after the each cart line in a checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`target`](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/app-extensions/configuration#targets) that the UI extension wishes to inject into. These are represented with string identifiers that describe the surface and responsibility of the extension. For example, [`purchase.checkout.cart-line-item.render-after` target](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/checkout-ui-extensions/latest/targets) gives a UI Extension the ability to render UI after the each cart line in a checkout.
```
